DOC-2352: On-premises `Import from Word and Export to Word` documentation. (#3187)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/individually-licensed-components/import-from-word-and-export-to-word/import-from-word-and-export-to-word-overview-on-premises.adoc

[[overview]]
== Overview

{pluginname} is a set of two converter services that allow for both exporting a structured HTML content (e.g. created with {productname} WYSIWYG editor) into a `.docx` Microsoft Word file and for importing content from `.docx` and `.dotx` files and converting it into a styled HTML document.

> 
> A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises. link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

Author: @lostkeys if we do not offer a `trail licence key` then we should remove this.
```suggestion

A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.
```

[[overview]]
== Overview

{pluginname} is a set of two converter services that allow for both exporting a structured HTML content (e.g. created with {productname} WYSIWYG editor) into a `.docx` Microsoft Word file and for importing content from `.docx` and `.dotx` files and converting it into a styled HTML document.

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

[[overview]]
== Overview

> {pluginname} is a set of two converter services that allow for both exporting a structured HTML content (e.g. created with {productname} WYSIWYG editor) into a `.docx` Microsoft Word file and for importing content from `.docx` and `.dotx` files and converting it into a styled HTML document with comments and suggestions attached.

Reviewer: Remove " with comments and suggestions attached"

Author: ```suggestion
{pluginname} is a set of two converter services that allow for both exporting a structured HTML content (e.g. created with {productname} WYSIWYG editor) into a `.docx` Microsoft Word file and for importing content from `.docx` and `.dotx` files and converting it into a styled HTML document.
```

> About xref:importword.adoc[Import from Word] and xref:exportword.adoc[Export to Word] features you can read in a dedicated sections of the documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
See xref:importword.adoc[Import from Word] and xref:exportword.adoc[Export to Word] featured documentation for more information on these plugins.
```

> About xref:importword.adoc[Import from Word] and xref:exportword.adoc[Export to Word] features you can read in a dedicated sections of the documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The On-Premises version of the {pluginname} features is an application that can be installed and run on the customer’s in-house servers and computing infrastructure, including a private cloud. It contains all the features of the {pluginname} converters available as SaaS.

Author: ```suggestion
```

[[overview]]
== Overview

{pluginname} is a set of two converter services that allow for both exporting a structured HTML content (e.g. created with {productname} WYSIWYG editor) into a `.docx` Microsoft Word file and for importing content from `.docx` and `.dotx` files and converting it into a styled HTML document with comments and suggestions attached.

About xref:importword.adoc[Import from Word] and xref:exportword.adoc[Export to Word] features you can read in a dedicated sections of the documentation.

The On-Premises version of the {pluginname} features is an application that can be installed and run on the customer’s in-house servers and computing infrastructure, including a private cloud. It contains all the features of the {pluginname} converters available as SaaS.

> A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.
> 
> link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises. link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.
```
